This township wasn't built by a grotto by accident, as it has ancient histories, which is of great importance to the people of Orsanum and its success. The township itself looks ghastly. With its dark wooden rooftops, murky wooden walls and scavenger birds, Orsanum has a ghostly atmosphere. The main attraction is the monument, which was built 45 years ago and designed by halflings. Orsanum has a mending economy, which is mainly supported by crafting, mining and weaponsmithing. But their biggest strengths are ocean fishing and alchemy. However, Orsanum lacks people skilled in hunting. Despite its strengths and weaknesses, Orsanum is most likely headed towards a gruesome future under the leadership of Colonel Gorgu. But this remains to be seen.
The metropolis itself looks glorious. With its pine wood rooftops, pine wood walls and huge oak tree, Fool's March has a magical atmosphere. The main attraction is the monument, which was built 52 years ago and designed by gnomes.
Fool's March has a booming economy, which is mainly supported by hunting, fletching and medicine. But their biggest strengths are rare animal training and a strong defence.
However, Fool's March lacks people skilled in animal breeding.
The main attraction is the theatre, which was built 64 years ago and designed by pirates.
Hammerforge has a poor economy, which is mainly supported by war, thieving and crafting. But their biggest strengths are elaborate beer brewing techniques and alchemy.
The megalopolis itself looks grandiose. With its elm wood rooftops, chiseled stone walls and babbling creeks, Darnassea has a amusing atmosphere.
The main attraction is the windmill, which was built 41 years ago and designed by barbarians.
Darnassea has a mending economy, which is mainly supported by farming, wood production and leatherworking. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism.
The main attraction is the hotel, which was built 66 years ago and designed by elves.
Sinashari has a tormented economy, which is mainly supported by cooking, farming and fishing. But their biggest strengths are sustainable hunting and deadly archers.
The main attraction is the wishing well, which was built 59 years ago and designed by orcs.
Firebend has a mending economy, which is mainly supported by alchemy, woodcrafting and medicine. But their biggest strengths are delicate woodcrafting and skilled in the art of war.
The main attraction is the temple, which was built 23 years ago and designed by halflings.
Firebend has a declining economy, which is mainly supported by mining, leatherworking and armorsmithing. But their biggest strengths are a strong defence and delicate tailoring.
The main attraction is the wizard tower, which was built 42 years ago and designed by trolls.
It has a prospering economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, weaponsmithing and war. But their biggest strengths are complex crafting and rare animal breeding.
This outpost wasn't built by a vulcano by accident, as it has escape routes, which is of great importance to the people of the city and its success.
The main attraction is the fountain, which was built 36 years ago and designed by night elves.
Fentalia has a tormented economy, which is mainly supported by medicine, blacksmithing and hunting. But their biggest strengths are ocean fishing and a strong defence.
The main attraction is the power plant, which was built 21 years ago and designed by dwarves.
Far Water has a prospering economy, which is mainly supported by weaponsmithing, fishing and animal breeding. But their biggest strengths are refined carpenting and a strong defence.
The main attraction is the school, which was built 46 years ago and designed by halflings.
 It has a feeble economy, which is mainly supported by trade, wood production and carpenting. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and sustainable hunting.
This megalopolis wasn't built by a river by accident, as it has a broken, hidden library, which is of great importance to the people of the city and its success.
 It has a damaged economy, which is mainly supported by mining, wine brewing and tailoring. But their biggest strengths are rare herbalism and skilled fighters.
The township itself looks plain. With its murky wooden rooftops, gray walls and foggy surroundings.
The riches these volcanoes brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with volcanic rocks and similar looking materials.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with lots of glass and light elements to mimic the aesthetics of the blue skies around them.
The resources these fields brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings are slim and tall, which mimics the grasses and openness of the fields around them.
The climate these mountains brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with rocks from those very same mountains.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of bars, theme restaurants and gastropubs offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy tours, city exploring, dance or one of the many other recreational venues.
The resources these fields brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings are slim and tall, which mimics the grasses and openness of the fields around them.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of bars, bakeries and cafés offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy sightseeing, musical activities, aerobics or one of the many other recreational venues.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of bakeries, clubs and sandwich bars offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy aerobics, theaters, art galleries or one of the many other recreational venues.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of diners, bistros and clubs offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy nature, an amusement park, the national park or one of the many other recreational venues.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built to great heights, as if to try and reach the blue skies above them.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of ethnic restaurants, sandwich bars and food carts offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy theaters, an amusement park, water sports or one of the many other recreational venues.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of theme restaurants, diners and coffeehouses offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy sightseeing, photography, arcades or one of the many other recreational venues.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of cafés, concession stands and food carts offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy nature, tours, the national park or one of the many other recreational venues.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. Hundreds of concession stands, coffeehouses and bakeries offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy adventure sports, libraries, tours or one of the many other recreational venues.


The main attraction is the stadium, which was built 67 years ago and designed by giants.
It has a healthy economy, which is mainly supported by beer brewing, leatherworking and carpenting. But their biggest strengths are gorgeous leatherworking and master engineering.
The city itself looks glorious. With its silky oak wood rooftops, bamboo walls and rows upon rows of lucious trees, it has a whimsical atmosphere. 
The main attraction is the jail, which was built 47 years ago and designed by giants.
It has an advancing economy, which is mainly supported by wine brewing, armorsmithing and trade. But their biggest strengths are highly skilled thieving and intricate jewelcrafting.
The main attraction is the dueling arena, which was built 50 years ago and designed by elves.
It has an improving economy, which is mainly supported by leatherworking, fishing and carpenting. But their biggest strengths are intricate fletching techniques and prosperous mining.
It has a thriving economy, which is mainly supported by beer brewing, mining and tailoring. But their biggest strengths are rare herbalism and complex crafting.
The burg itself looks dull. With its half rotten rooftops, galvanised steel walls and dusty windows, it has a dark atmosphere.
The main attraction is the wishing well, which was built 42 years ago and designed by dwarves.
The main attraction is the ancient forge, which was built 62 years ago and designed by high elves.
It has a hurting economy, which is mainly supported by crafting, thieving and animal breeding. But their biggest strengths are rare herbalism and delicate tailoring.
Based on the top of a wetlands
Located on the dark side of a river
Constructed on the peak of a thicket
Formed on the dark side of a geyser field
